doc: fast_pair: release-notes-changelog: Add nRF54LM20 release notes (#24117)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Bluetooth Fast Pair samples
---------------------------

* :ref:`fast_pair_locator_tag` sample:

  * Updated:

    * The memory layout for the ``nrf54lm20dk/nrf54lm20a/cpuapp`` board target to make more space for the application code.
      This change in the nRF54LM20 partition map is a breaking change and cannot be performed using DFU.
      As a result, the DFU procedure will fail if you attempt to upgrade the sample firmware based on one of the |NCS| v3.1 releases.

>     * The application and MCUBoot configurations for the ``nrf54lm20dk/nrf54lm20a/cpuapp`` board target to use the CRACEN hardware crypto driver instead of the Oberon software crypto driver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * The application and MCUBoot configurations for the ``nrf54lm20dk/nrf54lm20a/cpuapp`` board target to use the CRACEN hardware crypto driver instead of the Oberon software crypto driver.
      The application image signature is verified with the CRACEN hardware peripheral.
```

Reviewer: since you have a dedicated entry for MCUboot KMU and MCUboot HW crypto

>       Note, that the Fast Pair subsystem still uses the Oberon software crypto driver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Note, that the Fast Pair subsystem still uses the Oberon software library.
```

    * The MCUBoot configuration for the ``nrf54lm20dk/nrf54lm20a/cpuapp`` board target to use the KMU-based key storage.

>       The application image signature is verified with the CRACEN hardware peripheral and the public key used by MCUboot for validating the application image is securely stored in the KMU hardware peripheral.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      The public key used by MCUboot for validating the application image is securely stored in the KMU hardware peripheral.
```

Reviewer: since you have a dedicated entry for MCUboot KMU and MCUboot HW crypto

      To simplify the programming procedure, the samples are configured to use the automatic KMU provisioning.
      The KMU provisioning is performed by the west runner as a part of the ``west flash`` command when the ``--erase`` or ``--recover`` flag is used.

* :ref:`fast_pair_input_device` sample:

  * Updated the application configuration for the ``nrf54lm20dk/nrf54lm20a/cpuapp`` board target to use the CRACEN hardware crypto driver instead of the Oberon software crypto driver.

>     Note, that the Fast Pair subsystem still uses the Oberon software crypto driver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Note, that the Fast Pair subsystem still uses the Oberon software library.
```
